# 100 самых популярных английских слов

1. **the** - *The weather is nice today.*
2. **be** - *I want to be a doctor.*
3. **to** - *Let's go to the park.*
4. **of** - *This is a friend of mine.*
5. **and** - *You and I are friends.*
6. **a** - *I need a pen.*
7. **in** - *She lives in London.*
8. **that** - *That book is interesting.*
9. **have** - *I have a question.*
10. **I** - *I love music.*

11. **it** - *It is raining outside.*
12. **for** - *This gift is for you.*
13. **not** - *That's not correct.*
14. **on** - *The book is on the table.*
15. **with** - *I'll go with you.*
16. **he** - *He is my brother.*
17. **as** - *As you know, it's important.*
18. **you** - *You are amazing.*
19. **do** - *Do you understand?*
20. **at** - *Let's meet at 5 PM.*

21. **this** - *This is my house.*
22. **but** - *I'm tired, but I'll go.*
23. **his** - *His car is fast.*
24. **by** - *The book was written by Tolstoy.*
25. **from** - *I got a letter from her.*
26. **they** - *They are coming soon.*
27. **we** - *We should leave now.*
28. **say** - *What did you say?*
29. **her** - *Her dress is beautiful.*
30. **she** - *She is a teacher.*

31. **or** - *Tea or coffee?*
32. **an** - *I ate an apple.*
33. **will** - *I will call you later.*
34. **my** - *My phone is new.*
35. **one** - *One day I'll travel.*
36. **all** - *All people need love.*
37. **would** - *Would you help me?*
38. **there** - *There is a problem.*
39. **their** - *Their house is big.*
40. **what** - *What is your name?*

41. **so** - *I'm tired, so I'll rest.*
42. **up** - *Stand up, please.*
43. **out** - *Get out of here!*
44. **if** - *If you go, I'll stay.*
45. **about** - *Tell me about yourself.*
46. **who** - *Who is that man?*
47. **get** - *I need to get some sleep.*
48. **which** - *Which one do you prefer?*
49. **go** - *Let's go home.*
50. **me** - *Give me the book.*

51. **when** - *When will you arrive?*
52. **make** - *Can you make dinner?*
53. **can** - *Can you swim?*
54. **like** - *I like chocolate.*
55. **time** - *I don't have time.*
56. **no** - *No, I don't agree.*
57. **just** - *Just wait a minute.*
58. **him** - *I saw him yesterday.*
59. **know** - *I know the answer.*
60. **take** - *Take your umbrella.*

61. **people** - *Many people came.*
62. **into** - *She walked into the room.*
63. **year** - *This year is special.*
64. **your** - *Your bag is nice.*
65. **good** - *She is a good friend.*
66. **some** - *I need some water.*
67. **could** - *Could you pass the salt?*
68. **them** - *I gave them the keys.*
69. **see** - *I see a bird.*
70. **other** - *Try the other one.*

71. **than** - *She is taller than me.*
72. **then** - *First study, then play.*
73. **now** - *I'm busy now.*
74. **look** - *Look at that!*
75. **only** - *Only two left.*
76. **come** - *Come here, please.*
77. **its** - *The cat licked its paw.*
78. **over** - *Jump over the puddle.*
79. **think** - *I think you're right.*
80. **also** - *I also want coffee.*

81. **back** - *Come back soon.*
82. **after** - *We'll eat after work.*
83. **use** - *Can I use your phone?*
84. **two** - *I have two cats.*
85. **how** - *How are you?*
86. **our** - *Our team won.*
87. **work** - *I work from home.*
88. **first** - *She was first in line.*
89. **well** - *You speak well.*
90. **way** - *Which way is faster?*

91. **even** - *Even kids know this.*
92. **new** - *I bought a new phone.*
93. **want** - *I want some tea.*
94. **because** - *I'm late because of traffic.*
95. **any** - *Do you have any sugar?*
96. **these** - *These shoes are mine.*
97. **give** - *Give me a chance.*
98. **day** - *Have a nice day!*
99. **most** - *Most people agree.*
100. **us** - *She told us the truth.*  